# Reflection
The topic I was assigned changed my point of view about the AI adoption anxiety. I did not expect the major part of software engineers to not feel threatened, and mostly consider the implementation of AI tools to be unecessary. I arrived in a conclusion that junior engineers or students like us, who lack experience in traditional era, feel the most pressure about the future of software engineers. If a senior generates the code using AI, errors can be figured out more easily since the tactics are mastered, but when new engineers focus on tools without practicing what they were taught they will most definetly get confused. 
Furthermore, next generation of developers should focus on the critical thinking and priciples of begin a software engineer: I always encourage myself to think I am not going to be only a programmer, I will be a software engineer. Is it not an essential quality of a developer to be able to adapt to shifting buisness requirements and changes? That is why the anxiety should be replaced with determination of using AI as help but not letting it block our productivity and ability to handle human collaboration.
Secondly, after this research, I decided that instead of using ChatGPT or other AI agents, I should interact more with developer communities. The information and opinions I gathered made me realise that these spaces offer not only experience but also comfort about the crisis of our profession.
Moreover, I strongly believe that solutions to end this global dilemma can be found. With the adoption of AI, training programms, especially for juniors, can be held under the guidance of seniors. This way, traditional methods are practiced and adapted to fit in the modern technology, avoiding the constant feeling of dissatisfaction from AI.
To conclude, I do not fear AI and the replacement of software engineers. We just need to use it in our favour without feeling defeated by it.